Write a few sentences about your coding experience here 
(The difficulty level of this homework for you, if there are any problems you faced, how you solved them, etc.))
 (at least five sentences to get full points )

Your reflection :

    My coding expirence was nothing short of bumpy. This is quite the opposite from the last coding project,
        but unfourtounatly that is just how to cookie crumbles. I had the most trouble with the FindText() function.
        As you can see through my submissions, I tried to do this function a plethora of different ways all stemming
        from the same idea of how to solve it. After hours of trial and error the day I started this project, I sat
        on the issue and called it a day. The following day I asked a friend how he did it. He informed me of a little
        thing called .find(). With this new knowledge I still decidied to go with my origional way of writing the 
        method because I sunk so much time and effort into doing it that specific way, I couldnt give it up. After
        having so much trouble with that everything else was okay except for accomidating to zylab and separating everything
        into their repective files. Zylab just loves being picky with the tests and gave me some trouble, marking tests wrong 
        that shouldn't have been. So I had to spend some time rewiting and reconfiguring my code so it would work in zylab.
        Personally I think this is ridiculous because if my code works, the program grading me should be able to use it. 
        I should not have to waste my time and rewrite code that works perfectly fine to acustom to the grading program. 
        You can see the trouble I had in my sumbission trace. Other than those two things. I had some trouble configuring
        everything into their respective files. This was the least stressful of all of my problems, but still worth
        mentioning because it did take some time to solve. The only reason I had an issue with this step is because 
        I had the main method in both main.cpp and assist_functions.cpp. 

    I solved my coding problems a plethora of ways. Mainly I will ruber ducky debug, add debug print statements, 
        google things, and ask friends if I am having a lot of trouble. To solve my FindText() method I basically
        deleted the whole method multiple times and completely rewrote it from scratch. I did this a few times, but
        all attempts consisted of parsing all words into a vector and comparing from there. To solve my issue with 
        zylab that was a bunch of hail-mary attempts. This is because the code worked fine in Vscode, but zylab didn't
        like it. This was espically fustrating because not only should the code work, but I have no clue how the zylab
        testing works. So, that means I had to guess, with the very little knowdge I have, how zylab works and why it 
        was giving me this error. This combined with the error message, that makes zero sense to me because I don't
        know what zylab is doing in the background, made this especially fustrating. To solve the issues I had when
        separating my code into its respective files and building the makefile. That was a bunch of trial and error,
        and reading the error messages. I had a bunch of warnings comparing ints as well so it made the error trace
        quite hard to read and confusing. Due to this to took me some time to figure out my problem and handle it
        appropriately. 
        
    I believe a lot of the problems I was having could be solved one of three ways. The first way is to have a more 
        lient grading system, that allows some flexibility and is able to use the code provided. The second way is to 
        make very very very detailed instructions on what to write for each file down to the function and how data
        should be processed and handeled. This would have saved some of my time as it seems that a lot of the time 
        I spent on this project was not my fault but zylabs fault, but I had to pay for these inpurities on my own 
        account with my time, which I do not have a lot of to be throwing away like this. The third way to avoid
        these problems for students in the future is to ditch zylab all together. Have the students submit their
        code to canvas and grade it the old fashioned way. Now, of course you will have to add more thorough and 
        detailed instructions. 

    Overall: the dificulty was a 8/10. 10 being on par to the hardest coding project I have done personally.
